we walk into the back of school cuz we
got a ride cuz Rachel I her damn self
I'll just a gown shut up to Tiffany oh
sorry Jane I write the song albergo i'm
semi said I got a wife but I columnist
on your girl way out trash the trick
right back no literally turn arose like
your life don't understand what you must
be desperate literate play fo y yes I'm
serving it I'm surfing there yes I'm
circling the beach with a clap I like
the long-haired bitch wasn't like
killing this attack I got it wrong
number four legs did you go crazy
without on your back tomorrow but I'm
leopard Sadie's work I'm a ladies man
skinny jean don't get butter cakes look
it just me Brady were she can make my
site
in the middle I am ballin OH pick in the
mush of the function 18 comments on my
trail after he described me go so hard
it was a nice guy Granger such a front
lawn one guy doing do shoot my circle
Lisa V Inc universe the colorful the one
upset me like a dress on homecoming beat
it up beat it up just like come join
the specimen days in the grip of a kind
of success people just like a Josh
Jeremy the wimpy you were teaching in
where six no I'm the main house better
night okay is going our quit saying
I'll show you what that should look the
fuck out of us hey I Mitchell nigga no
just cut his foot hey I got a nice i
gotta say yeah we can see just be me in
the bag I smoke I drink come back around
my finger so mean just go in a bag and
fucking with you if it's any don't say
I'm the goddess bitch and I don't mean
to brag anything she can do cock into a
bed of my name 80 but my shit gets wet
watch yours
gone all night like an a-plus paper is
worth it you're right but I need that
made me excuse my have someone pick me